README.md, before:

# Beat Maker - Drum Sequencer

**Developer: Adam Giles**

[Live website](https://adampgiles.github.io/CI_PP2_BM/)

## Table of Content

- [Project Goals](#project-goals)

## Project Goals
Beat Maker is an interactive online drum sequencer. Featuring 6 tracks, 4 kits, 10 preset loops, adjustable tempo and import/export features to share your creations.

Beat Maker has the following goals;
- Give users a platform to create short music loops.
- Give users a platform to share their Beat Maker creations.

Users of Beat Maker have the following goals;
- To learn how to use Beat Maker features.
- To create music loops.
- To create music loop using different kits.
- To create music loops at different tempos.
- To export their Beat Maker music loops, to share with other users.
- To import other user's Beat Maker music loops, to listen to, or modify.

## User Stories

### Site Users
1. I would like to create a music loop by interacting with a drum sequencer.
2. I would like to hear the loop playing while continuing to change the loop.
3. I would like to change the drum sounds to create different genre loops.
4. I would like to export or import loop data to colaborate with other users.
5. I would like to submit my loop to the site owner to be added to the loop presets.
6. I would like to have access to quick guide information to understand how to use the drum sequencer.

### Site Owner
1. I would like users to be able to interact with the website to create music loops.
2. I would like users to receive feedback when interacting with site buttons, by changing the button colour when clicked.
3. I would like the user to be notified when the tempo of the loop has been updated.
4. I would like the website to be responsive, so I can be accessed via mobile, tablet and desktop.
5. I would like the website to have a loop submission form with validation implemented so the form cannot be submitted blank or with invalid values.

Commit message:

docs: added Design section and colour sub-section

README.md, after:

# Beat Maker - Drum Sequencer

**Developer: Adam Giles**

[Live website](https://adampgiles.github.io/CI_PP2_BM/)

## Table of Content

- [Project Goals](#project-goals)

## Project Goals
Beat Maker is an interactive online drum sequencer. Featuring 6 tracks, 4 kits, 10 preset loops, adjustable tempo and import/export features to share your creations.

Beat Maker has the following goals;
- Give users a platform to create short music loops.
- Give users a platform to share their Beat Maker creations.

Users of Beat Maker have the following goals;
- To learn how to use Beat Maker features.
- To create music loops.
- To create music loop using different kits.
- To create music loops at different tempos.
- To export their Beat Maker music loops, to share with other users.
- To import other user's Beat Maker music loops, to listen to, or modify.

## User Experience

### Target Audience
- Individuals interested in music creation.
- Individuals interested in sharing musical creations.

### User Stories
User stories have been seperated into two groups; Site Users and Site Owner. 

#### Site Users
1. I would like to create a music loop by interacting with a drum sequencer.
2. I would like to hear the loop playing while continuing to change the loop.
3. I would like to change the drum sounds to create different genre loops.
4. I would like to export or import loop data to colaborate with other users.
5. I would like to submit my loop to the site owner to be added to the loop presets.
6. I would like to have access to quick guide information to understand how to use the drum sequencer.

#### Site Owner
1. I would like users to be able to interact with the website to create music loops.
2. I would like users to receive feedback when interacting with site buttons, by changing the button colour when clicked.
3. I would like the user to be notified when the tempo of the loop has been updated.
4. I would like the website to be responsive, so I can be accessed via mobile, tablet and desktop.
5. I would like the website to have a loop submission form with validation implemented so the form cannot be submitted blank or with invalid values.

## Design

### Colour
The site's colour scheme consists of five key colours; White, black, yellow, teal and light-blue. White is used for buttons and input fields. Black is used for text and icons. Yellow is used for the background and the Quick Guide text-boxes. Light-blue is used Off-white and off-black where used for clicked buttons.
![Alt text](/docs/features/colour_scheme.png "Colour Scheme")
